you know who I am I am the solution
to the problem I ridding the garbage I
remove these stubborn stains
see it like that I'm someone from
sociable
the job is made of tattoo the only
reason to have a teammate that's
true real daddy everything is fine my
teammate is getting off
he gave me his word you withdraw
is this job it's the last time
I do it again and again like the corner
Washington Police
I thought it felt much the
cop I 'm not interested in hiring a
hitman table I want you guys
who have shot down your teammate
what are you going to do to bring the
kung fu champion directly two
country i was born in florida
I hire people like you to
eliminate the enemy
boudebouz is crazy you face a
former mercenary he is going to screw you up and
I will watch him doing
we kill by the case are right she
just did it
that's it
and you're negotiating something you want
dad I swear to you when I'm going to have this
Guys , it's going to hurt
Jacques struck out
it would bother a lot when we listen
the music of this century
I will not let you have a crisis
amok you start
sound like a clue that kids
even more than 10 it is more awesome
you and I have a small business in
suspense to settle is what you will not
all too well you're going to bother me to death
I know you already told me we should have
the embedded does not trust anyone
that's how we stay in the
job
bang on the floor arrived